# Some thoughts of the founder about the future of humanity

With the arrival of Agentic AI, it's pretty clear that silicon brains are highly efficient for complex reasoning and executing tasks. Sooner or later, they will outperform humans in almost every job requiring reasoning and/or brute force, especially when combined with robotics. The Liberal-Democratic Status Quo is going to change rapidly in the next three decades. Since selling goods and services is the very foundation of the free-market capitalist system, and millions of jobs will soon be replaced by AI-driven machines, the purchasing power of the masses, **"the working middle class"**, is in real danger. Certainly, tons of opportunities will be created for us in the IT industry and related sectors, but not for most people. Something needs to be done to prevent the system from collapsing under its own weight. One approach could be Universal Basic Income, but that's not nearly enough. Riots and civil wars are not usually caused by hunger alone, but by extreme inequality within a society. We truly believe in companies as the best value generating and capturing system, in the private sector and fair competition as drivers of efficiency and innovation, since the State by itself cannot control or produce the vast variety of goods and services the Market demands. The State is not inherently good at optimization or innovation; however, the State is usually better at guaranteeing basic human rights like security, education, healthcare and basic utilities, without needing to ban private offerings and stakeholding in these public companies.

With this project, we aim to give every single person around the world access to a computer. It should basically become something taken for granted in every home and office globally, like a basic utility included in the internet bill. This is possible thanks to the standardized open-source Codec Terminal, which every manufacturer is welcome to produce and improve, although they will need to pay a dirt-cheap recurrent QFDM royalty fee to connect to our Backend (QFDM Network). We also want to show the world that manufacturing can be done differently, **more efficiently, and even more profitably** for the investors behind each product. There's a growing social movement called "The Right to Repair", which makes total sense from an environmental and consumer standpoint, but not always for companies looking for profit. What if, instead of producing easily obsolete products that become trash in a few months, we offer consumers extremely durable, repairable, and recyclable products that they could even repair themselves? In exchange, they would have to pay a rental fee, so factories and investors have incentives for making more durable, modular, recyclable products, and can profit indefinitely without needing to extract more resources than strictly necessary. Zero Waste => More Efficiency => More Profit for Companies in the long run.

We do not have unlimited raw materials to produce unlimited products on Earth. Our planet is quite fragile, and we're not a galactic civilization yet, **so there are no Plan B planets to migrate to**. However, we have smart product designers at our factories willing to rethink products for their entire lifecycle. At Coffee Pie®, we commit to returning 100% of raw materials back into the production chains. We will not compete with manufacturers nor datacenters, although classic standalone-computer retailers might be in danger if they don't evolve into Repair and Customization Stores, **which could be even more profitable for their owners**, but we will complement all of them by connecting supply with demand in real time and providing circular economy services (tune-up, repair, refurbish, recycling, etc.). In exchange, we will control the Ads System, including what is and what is not allowed to be advertised on the Platform, and how to distribute the earnings to achieve our long-term goals. We are a **private company looking for profit**, indeed, that's not a secret, but our project clearly prioritizes the **environment and humanity over maximizing profits**. It is an open-source project designed to be widely adopted by earning the community's trust, **"We can afford losing money, but we can't afford losing trust"**. We are not data brokers, we do not sell your private data or spy on you, aside from what is publicly stated at our API/MCP official website's page for advertising purposes only. We want anyone, regardless of their origin, knowledge, or purchasing power, to have a Codec Terminal connected to the Internet, granting them access to the power of AI and all the information available on the network, both **proprietary** if the user can afford it, **free / open-source** if the user wants to access it and can understand it.

We think that in the future companies will pay zero taxes, but individuals will pay around 10 to 25% income tax, it is not the same taxing a few millionaires with expropiatory taxes, than a small percentace tax multiplied by millions of highly productive workers with medium-high purchasing power, although personal wealth should have a limit, nobody needs more that 1'000'000'000'000 USD, more than that should be forcedly re-invested in companies, there will not be strictly private or strictly public companies, but rather "mostly private" (70:30) and "mostly public" ones (30:70). **That classification should depend on the nature of the goods and services provided**. If it's a primary product or service required for a dignified human life, it should be provided by "mostly public companies" controlled by the State, but if it's a sumptuous, luxury, non-essential product or service, it should be provided by "mostly private companies".

"The State whenever necessary, the Market whenever possible."

Avolink, Founder and CEO
